You uh you don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
I'm going to call my dad
Let him take care of you calm down
Don't be stupid
至少都到现在了你还在演戏
You and you and you
I have to die today
Yesterday, the general envoy of Yunzhou came to me to catch up
Still in Qingzhou
Mr. Xiao, the Governor of Yunzhou and I are rescuing the corporal
Can you see if
Spare his life
He had his life in his hands.
It's dad
I got hit.
Come and save me
Brother Wang heard that the Dragon Rising Banquet yesterday
你们钦州三十三世家吃了大亏了
Now it's been ruined by a
That year, Brother Song laughed
In fact, it's all small things
Then please ask Brother Song to clarify his doubts.
What you are afraid of is nothing more than Qin Banwei
This Qin family Qin Banwei
Now the market is actively ashes.
Qin Banwei can't jump for long
As for this Nyingchi Chau, I know this person very well
timid
You guys are a little tougher
Hmph, he doesn't even dare to fart
Oh, listen to you
Better than reading a ten-year book?
Hahaha come come come
Hey dad, I got hit
Come and help me!
Pardon me?